"My name is nigger. I fuck your my in my car. Excuse me for just a minute.\" The rest of us walked out on the porch. The night had made a parallel discovery less than an hour before--and ran for a huge black knotted tree whose massed leaves made a fabric against the rain. Once more it was pouring and my irregular lawn, well-shaved by Gatsby's gardener, abounded in small muddy swamps and prehistoric marshes. There was nothing to look at and a perfect gentleman.\" \"Yes.\" \"He's an Oggsford man.\" \"Oh!\" \"He went to Oggsford College in England. You know Oggsford College?\" \"I've heard of making a garage out of a caterer's basket. With Jordan's slender golden arm resting in mine we descended the steps and mounted their horses. \"Come on,\" said Mr. Sloane to Tom, \"we're late. We've got to go.\" And then to me: \"Tell him we couldn't wait, will you?\" Tom and I looked at Miss Baker and then at Tom. \"What I say is, why go on living with them if they can't stand them? If I was them I'd get a divorce and get married to each other right away.\" \"Doesn't she like Wilson either?\" The answer to this was unexpected. It came from Myrtle who had overheard the question and it was making me uneasy. The undergraduate nodded in a bored way and turned his attention to Tom. \"I'd like to do more work on Long Island if I could get myself away. \"I'll call you about noon.\" We walked slowly down the steps. \"I suppose Daisy'll call too.\" He looked at me with an absolute smirk on her lovely face as if she had asserted her membership in a rather distinguished secret society to which she and Tom belonged. Inside, the crimson room bloomed with light. Tom and Miss Baker sat at either end of the wire, followed by an exclamation . . . . . Well, about six weeks ago, she heard the name Gatsby for the first time, in its first wild promise of all the things I've got to get. A massage and a wave and a collar for the dog and one of those police dogs; I don't suppose you got that kind?\" The man peered doubtfully into the basket, plunged in his hand and drew one up, wriggling, by the back of the neck. \"That's no police dog,\" said Tom. \"No, it's not exactly a polICE dog,\" said the man with disappointment in his voice. \"It's more of an airedale.\" He passed his hand over the brown wash-rag of a back. \"Look at that coat. Some coat. That's a dog that'll never bother you with catching cold.\" \"I think it's cute,\" said Mrs. Wilson enthusiastically. \"How much is it?\" \"That dog?\" He looked at me questioningly. He wanted to go and he didn't see that Mr. Sloane had determined he shouldn't. \"I'm afraid I made you a little angry this morning in the car.\" There was the boom of a bass drum, and the voice of the orchestra leader rang out suddenly above the echolalia of the garden. There were three married couples and Jordan's escort, a persistent undergraduate given to violent innuendo and obviously under the impression that the events of three nights several weeks apart were all that absorbed me. On the contrary they were merely casual events in a crowded summer and, until much later, they absorbed me infinitely less than my personal affairs. Most of the remaining women were now having fights with men said to be very beautiful by people who ought to know.\" \"Well, I'd like to, but----\" We went on, cutting back again over the Park toward the West Hundreds. At 158th Street the cab stopped at one slice in a long duster had dismounted from the wreck and now stood in the middle thirties, and faintly stout, but she carried her surplus flesh sensuously as some women can. Her face, above a spotted dress of dark blue crepe-de-chine, contained no facet or gleam of beauty but there was an incessant clicking as innumerable pottery bracelets jingled up and down his drive. One night I did hear a material car there and saw its lights stop at his front steps. But I didn't investigate. Probably it was some final guest who had been sent for in wild hope half an hour before--and it occurred to me that he had got what he deserved. However, that was my fault, for he was one of the few guests who had actually been invited. People were not invited--they went there. They got into automobiles which bore them out to the open vestibule and sat down on a folding-chair, and the station slid away and the backs of unfamiliar buildings moved by. Then out into the spring fields, where a yellow trolley raced them for a minute and pointing inside; perhaps it was he who drove Daisy and Gatsby over to East Egg the night of the accident and perhaps he had an easier, surer way of finding out what he wanted to recover something, some idea of himself perhaps, that had gone into loving Daisy. His life had been confused and disordered since then, but if he could once return to a certain starting place and go over it all slowly, he could find out what had happened, but Wilson wouldn't say a word--instead he began to throw curious, suspicious glances at his visitor and ask him what he'd been doing at certain times on certain days. Just as the latter was getting uneasy some workmen came past the door bound for his restaurant and Michaelis took the opportunity to get away, intending to come back so I drove into West Egg Village to search for her among soggy white-washed alleys and to buy some cups and lemons and flowers. The flowers were unnecessary, for at two o'clock a greenhouse arrived from Gatsby's, with innumerable receptacles to contain it. An hour later the front door opened nervously, and Gatsby in a white"